Adhoc backup (#879)
percona/pmm: markdown/listservices.md

---
slug: 'listservices'
---

## List Services

> The Following Curl API call will list the available services on a Node:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following Curl API call lists the available services on a Node:
```

> ```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```bash
```

curl --insecure -X POST -H 'Authorization: Bearer XXXXX' \
     --request POST \
     --url https://127.0.0.1/v1/inventory/Services/List \
     --header 'Accept: application/json' \
     --header 'Content-Type: application/json' \
     --data '
{
  "node_id": "/node_id/XXXXX",
  "service_type": "MYSQL_SERVICE"
}'
```

> First you have to get the [authetication string](ref:authentication).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Firstly, get the [authentication string](ref:authentication).
```

> Then you need the [node_id](ref:listnodes).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then, you require the [node_id](ref:listnodes).
```

> You have to also choose which `service_type` you would like to list, the options are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Choose the `service_type` that you want to list. The options are:
```
